food		The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it.
anecdotes		i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
food		A beautiful atmosphere, perfect for drinks and/or appetizers.
anecdotes		You're going to drop some coin, but completely worth it, especially if you are looking to impress someone.
service		There was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!
food		Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
service		We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
ambience		The place just isn't ready for prime time.
anecdotes		We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
food		I thought the food isn't cheap at all compared to Chinatown.
food		Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
ambience		It's cute and simple and I loved it.
food		I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA.
anecdotes		If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed.
food		Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
anecdotes		Save room for deserts - they're to die for.
food		Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
food		Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
anecdotes		My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
anecdotes		It first came well done, and I politely sent it back.
ambience		I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
service		THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.
food		IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
ambience		Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
service		The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
food		Both were very good, but nothing you couldn't get at similar restaurant.
food		perfect for a quick meal.
food		My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
food		Good for a quick sushi lunch.
ambience		They are located off the beaten path but are certainly worth the trip.
anecdotes		the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
anecdotes		We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
service		Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.
service		The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
service		I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
food		Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
anecdotes		It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.
anecdotes		Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!
anecdotes		We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.
anecdotes		Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
anecdotes		MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average.
anecdotes		I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
anecdotes		Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love.
service		They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
service		Not only was the sushi fresh, they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy (try the duck!
ambience		It's always quiet because it's awful.
service		I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
ambience		I have to say the place was awesome.
service		We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.
anecdotes		If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.
food		The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!
anecdotes		Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best (I hope Mom doesn't read this!).
ambience		good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
ambience		We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
service		We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
price		Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
anecdotes		After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
anecdotes		But now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.
food		The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
anecdotes		I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk.
food		I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.
