ambience		From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
anecdotes		How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
anecdotes		Stay away if you're claustrophobic
anecdotes		I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot.
ambience		this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.
ambience		From the moment you walk in, you feel like you're in the perfect place.
anecdotes		i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
ambience		The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.
anecdotes		I can't stand this dungeon.
anecdotes		You're going to drop some coin, but completely worth it, especially if you are looking to impress someone.
service		There was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!
food		Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
service		We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable?
anecdotes		We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
food		Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
ambience		The food is so good and so popular that waiting can really be a nightmare.
ambience		It's cute and simple and I loved it.
food		Being a vegan myself, I've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan--and Zen Palate is easily my favorite.
anecdotes		If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed.
anecdotes		Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
food		Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary.
food		Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food, and there was no one to recommend any wine.
anecdotes		Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
service		Chef Vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real Roman.
anecdotes		My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
anecdotes		It first came well done, and I politely sent it back.
service		It first came well done, and I politely sent it back.
ambience		The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
ambience		I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
service		From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
service		THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.
food		IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL.
ambience		Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
service		The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
food		Both were very good, but nothing you couldn't get at similar restaurant.
food		perfect for a quick meal.
ambience		perfect for a quick meal.
food		My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
food		Good for a quick sushi lunch.
anecdotes		If you're lucky and there's not a private party going on back there, you'll get a chance to really chill out.
anecdotes		the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
price		We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came.
anecdotes		Overall, this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent.
service		Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.
anecdotes		I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
service		The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
service		I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
food		Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
anecdotes		It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.
anecdotes		Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies!
anecdotes		We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.
service		We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.
anecdotes		Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices.
anecdotes		MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average.
service		We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice.
anecdotes		I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
anecdotes		Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love.
service		They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
ambience		It's always quiet because it's awful.
service		I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
service		We requested they re-slice the sushi, and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes.
anecdotes		If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.
food		The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!
food		Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.
anecdotes		Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx
food		However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
ambience		We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
service		We were seated promptly in close proximity to the dance floor.
price		Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
anecdotes		After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
anecdotes		i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
anecdotes		Weekends can get crowded, but still highly recommended.
food		I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.
ambience		I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry- interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat.
